Chloe is gonna be the point for this and then so you know I'll be video offer part of it I've gotta walk to the Oakland office from where I'm at and like receive them like furniture and like supplies and stuff to prepare for all these folks that come through next week.
Nice. Where's the Oakland office?
I'm getting all that ready. It's, I don't know how well you know Oakland, but you know, like Merit.
Yeah, oh, it's right by.
Yeah, so it's like on downtown Oakland, right? Like across the way from like, you can like see it and got like a nice little talk and see like it's pretty nice.
Nice. That is a solid location.
Okay and
Yeah, I'm excited everyone to see it. Yeah, yeah, it's a good spot.
Yeah.
You know, there's it's actually funny like they're they're gonna learn this in the tour next week, but It used to be a mall.
Huh.
Like a shopping so it's like a weird place you have to take this long escalator up when you walk in like it's pretty But it's really quirky and interesting lots of space.
So if you're in the Bay, you got a place to work.
Amazing. I need New York to, I mean, since headquarters I'm moving to New York.
Yes.
I need there to be like a New York Central office because I'm can't be on and we works and it's not the vibe.
Yes, that's right. So, let's see, I'm gonna make Sophie and Chloe co-host.
And then I'm gonna PIN this 3 or spotlight you. Alright, so now you're in the spotlight.
On video just for
Let's see.
But everyone, good morning. Thanks, our local and crew is here and you're gonna meet one of our very best and favorite founders in the 3 It's my pleasure to introduce her because Lilian is unfortunately out sick this morning, but that being said, she and I had a chance to work with N.
In our Chicago class. That was a year ago.
It's been a year. Okay. Yeah, so.
Yeah, it was.
I think the reason we asked the screen to do this, she's done it before, but I think you made even more progress since and I think you made some updates so what you presented last time to our Bay Area founder.
But we had so many breakthrough moments in the first half of program, the 3 and 9. She was like the number one boxer champion.
In the early days. She was hitting me up every day. He was like, I'm going to get the stuff to be done stuff down and get it right.
And she ended up like changing a lot about her business in real time very quickly. And I think that has, started to bear fruit.
So we, are super grateful for this screen to give us the time and do the prep work required to like help you all out and then you a hand and Yeah, I hope that.
You know, if there's anything more that we can do to support in the screen, I'm sure you'll.
Have some time at the end is really let us know more about the business in any ways this group can you know be supported to you so let's welcome the stream.
Awesome. Sweet. Well, one question that I have, how's programs started because Neil, you mentioned that folks are gonna be checking out the new office next week.
So is this week 0 or week one?
Okay.
This is week. Negative one. So you know we started a program 2 weeks early before we do the in-person stuff.
Yeah.
So they did orientation last week and I did my 3 jobs to be done lectures.
Got it.
Okay, got it.
And then Lilyana did her W 3 yesterday. So you're at, you're the capstone for all of that content.
Oh my gosh, the pressure. It's on. Okay, sweet. Awesome.
So guess I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen. 1 s here.
Right. Okay, let me know if you can see my screen.
Yep, we can see.
Okay, great. So. Super excited for you guys to go on this text of our journey.
I'm going to go ahead and start with an overview of me and what I've done before.
Starting my company, sign off. And then we'll go ahead and dig into the journey that I went through.
Tech stars during tech stars and now. After Tech Stars. So, you know, for folks who have seen this talk before.
This is, definitely changed quite a bit. I think. The thing about I really want to offer you all is just how jobs to be done.
It's in as part of your startup journey as part of your founder journey. Because one of the things that I know to be true is that when you are a founder, even if you're a second time founder, you know, like me, it's really easy, you know, to kind of like zone in on one thing.
And I think a big thing for me is that there is no silver bullet to making your company. Get up half likes and eventually take off.
So with that. I'm the screen. Before I found it, sign off. I was a labor employment attorney and very much expected to be an attorney for the rest of my career.
But then very early on to determine that that was not something that I wanted to do. So about 10 years ago I stopped practicing and jumped ship to become a product manager and a Chicago-based company called Power Nance.
I was there for about 3 years. Initially as the first product manager hire, I got the product from 0 to one and then I took over business development.
The product was an educational and a tech product that was solded to different universities. And we started with 14 and I grew that network to over 200 by the time I left.
After that, I moved back to the East Coast where I'd gone to undergrad and I became a chief operating officer of unbound.
Which was the first venture-backed sexual wellness company in the world. I was there for 4 years and took it from a subscription box to a true direct consumer company.
That operated and sold domestically to having an international presence. And then finally, before I started to sign off, I was the CEO of another New York based company.
Called Dora Stub with offices in Dork and Hong Kong. We did 2 things. We were the company that's responsible for making a lot of consumer brands that are marketed toward millennials and But and also we, acquired and incubated.
Software companies. As well as different brands, consumer goods brands and then the software companies that we acquired and incubated had to do with.
The supply chain. And manufacturing. So. I've done a couple of things.
Before starting some other contacts, you know, in addition to the stuff that I've done professionally.
I run a lot. I'm a distance runner and I also read and write a lot.
So when I make an analogy, you know, whenever I'm talking about just being on this. Jordan of founding and money a company.
There are probably gonna be some marathon analogies. But I think the more important thing for me at least and how I look at the world.
It really is by looking for stories that bring people together. Using the story side of common threads and then, you know, using an imagination to.
See how we can get from point A to point B. Okay.
So I handed sign off. I'm gonna go ahead and take you through the journey of the initial conception of SIMAR.
What I came to text starts with. What are left text starts with and. Where I am now.
Before I get into that, I do want to give context like where I was when I first started signing.
So I started my company in September of 2022. And then I got into tech stars in February of 2023 so the company was really young it was about 5 months old at that point.
I'm also still a founder. And tech stars was the very first ambassador to my company outside of friends and family So I want to give this context because some of the things that I talk through in this.
Presentation. They might be more or less applicable depending on the stage. That your company is in, depending on whether you have co-founders.
And of course, you know, depending on like the specific business goals that you have with your company as you go through.
The 12 or 13 weeks at
So a quick overview of what sign off does. Sign off is in the proctex space.
Were used by architects. To hire vetted and qualified general contractors for their current projects. So what we do right now is very different from.
Where I started. And Getting to where sign off is now really required understanding the stories of the people who engaged with.
The platform. Whether that was directly or in directly. So it was really incumbent on me. And this is something that I always said before starting sign off, but I feel it even more now.
It is so important for anyone who is building a product. For anyone or building a company that interacts with the human world, which is all companies.
To really understand the stories that drive the people who are interacting with your company. So we're gonna go through.
About a 2 year timeline. I'm gonna go ahead and take you through the initial impetus.
Or sign off. I'm gonna take you through the first launch of the product. We're gonna go through tech stars.
A real launch. A loss which stung. And then eventually goes 0 to one journey.
Alright, so. January, 2022, I was still working outdoor. For me it was very much a layover job.
I was in a position where I either wanted to be the CEO of a company that I saw getting enough scale to eventually go public or hit, you know, our major acquisition.
Or you know I was telling folks if I think I have a good idea you know I'll go ahead and maybe start something so I did not think that I was going to start anything.
But, in 2021, I ended up buying a house in the Catskills in New York.
It was a fixer upper. And I was super excited, you know, about the project.
I ended up hiring, you know, a contract to work on it. Things went well until things didn't go well.
And the thing that I always say is that, you know, when my scary lawyer voice comes out, it's really not good for anyone involved and unfortunately in that instance.
It did come out. Fortunately, the contraction project finished. But I think a lot of people were very emotionally exhausted at that point.
So the specific problem that I experience with this renovation and some of the other renovations that I was doing in the area where that, you know, this contractor would come into the project. They had a particular budget.
I had set plans for the renovation and then somehow things would go over budget and over time. And I would always end up in this situation with like.
Hmm.
He said, she said. There's like no paper trail, you know, documenting everything that we've agreed on and the lack of paper trail was particularly egregious.
If we were looking at changes to the renovation plans. That would go from not just like $500 to $1,000, but maybe like $2,000, $50,000, cause that's a significant amount.
So. I was just like, alright, I need a way to manage my renovations and to keep everything just in one place.
So, in September of 2022 ended up building. An initial platform that did precisely that.
And I focus specifically on what are called change orders. So change order is a document that's used in construction to do exactly what it.
If, you know, the initial plans call for a particular stone to be used in the kitchen and that that must be splinched out.
The best practice is to document this in a document called a change order that the homeowner or other client eventually designs off on.
When you get into commercial construction, these stockings can be a lot more complicated and they also look like a new contracts, but for resident contraction, which is what I was focused on, you know, like change orders tended to be pretty simple.
So the resistance point that I found with general contractors is, you know, they were small businesses. They were not necessarily like technically proficient.
And a lot of the solutions in the market. Right? Required people to kind of be at a computer or download an app in order to generate these paper trails and these change orders.
And I came up with a way to create a change order. I have to click of a button through, you know, tax, which was, you know, what contractors use on a regular basis.
No matter if you tried to get them to email you, you know, or use some other piece of technology, they would always default to tech.
So I was just like, okay. You know, let's let's go ahead take advantage of like how they actually communicate and use that to create the paper trail.
So I start working on this whole time in September of 22. And then by October, you know, I had people that I knew like architects and general contractors who kind of knew I was working on this project.
And they said, you know, like we wanna go ahead and use it. So about 6 weeks after I started building it, I had 40 people who you know, like started to use the POC, which was super exciting.
They were using it for free. But you know, like when you get your first users, that's always like something that's just like, well, this thing is now live and I'm super hit by that.
So this is just like a quick breakdown of the problem that I identified in the solution that I created with that first iteration of the product.
And at the time the company was not called sign off. It was called
So password to February, 23 and I started to charge for this platform. So I got the first customer, they were a contractor in Chicago, and they were paying me 110.
Dollars per month. Thank you, it was also when I got into tech stars and there were certain things that were popping up that I didn't like.
So after like my very very first job in tech, was at an entire company that sold an enterprise product.
2 universities. So one of the things I did not like about my product and where it was was that the sale cycle was pretty long for a hundred $10 per month, right?
Like, you know, that gets to just over a thousand dollars, you know, per year. And I was just kind of like.
I don't know, like the 20, the 20 days with that very first customer I got, that was someone who is technically proficient and I saw that sales cycle getting even longer, you know, with people.
That were less technically proficient. And I was just like any sale cycle where I'm looking at, you know, like 30 to 40 days has to have enterprise numbers to really justify the time that I'm putting in and then eventually like a sales team would put in to like selling this product.
But then like other thing that disturbed me was Okay, I made the sale. We have recurring revenue which we love MR.
Yeah, use that to pave the way with investors. But the second problem that I was seeing was like, okay, I got the kind of card info.
Everything's like in Shripe. They have their account set up, but then there's like no action taken in the platform after sale.
The reason why I didn't like that. 70% of general contractors in the United States are small businesses.
And you know small businesses when these get tight they get cut. And if you're a subscription service that's used by a small business, You don't really want to like not be delivering value from month to month because that means you're gonna get cut and if no one's using you despite the fact that, you know, it's like nudging and, you know, doing all the things to try to get them to use
this platform. I mean, you're probably going to get cut. When they remember that you're there.
So I didn't like that.
So, you know, like when I kind of look back on that period of time, the When I look at that initial period from September.
Through the beginning of text. I really think if that is like the time when I was experiencing main characters again because I'd come up with a solution I wanted.
You know, for my specific problem and then like my friends in like the community are just like, oh, the stream that's like, you know, so cool.
But like Quarious, whether or not that was something that was. So sustainable and actually solved a problem that consistently appeared, you know, in my target customer group.
So fast forward into March. one of the great things about being a super young company is I had a lot of fun.
And so I went in. And I remember right before I began to talk stars, it was during the interview process.
There was like a point at which you know I like did my panel interview and then like there was one on one with Neil.
And I remember talking to him and I remember thinking like, screw, I'm just gonna be straight up and honest about like the scale, which I want to hit with like any company.
That I started and like Hi, I said, I mean, you know, that was just kind of like, not trying to make millions or trying to make like billions with my company.
Like, and so. I'm looking for a strategic partner. Hi, E, like you and the Texas team.
To like help me lay a foundation to get there. And so going into tech stars. Like there were a couple of things that I wanted to do.
First. Well to make sure that I had identified a rapid problem. It's like, it was to ensure I identified the right.
Customers. And the third was that I wanted to be sure that I identified the right story line. For those customers that I was targeting.
With the solution that I had. And I was really open to the idea that the initial product that I felt might be a product I have to throw away.
And for me, this was just part of the iterative, you know, process. Guys spend like, you know, a lot of time building thing and then distributing the thing, yes.
But if it wasn't going to scale, then it wasn't going to be the thing that I was going to work on.
So this is just a quick overview of. How I perceive my customers. Going into tech stars and I felt that I'd done a really great job doing my homework.
Cause I felt that I got pretty specific. I was just like, okay, I'm selling again to general contractors who are in the residential space.
They do the whole home. Remodels 10 or fewer employees. They use some kind of like software to run their business and they hack together system.
To run their businesses. I was just like, yeah, I know who I'm selling. Like.
Right? You know, I just need to figure out why they aren't. Taking the date and using the product the way that they're supposed to because i understand them
So. Again, like going through the Techsource program. These are like the 15.
Steps I identified and I was very much you know stuck on step one to determine who my customers. Work.
But then I was just like, you know, let's just maybe assume I don't know.
Who they are. And like, you know, really, really question. So that is when I started to really dig into jobs to be done
So, you know, when I started with like jobs, I mean, you do have to start. Somewhere.
You know, like because there are groups that you have to at least identify initial group of people that you want to sit down.
And talk with. And so in order to to do that. I decided that I was going to go ahead and start talking with general contractors and homeowners where the initial like users of the product that I built.
But the key thing for me was not necessarily like locking into what I thought. They wanted based off of the initial research.
That I done. But really, you know, here into like the North Star that I had. For that I have, you know, for my company.
And there are like a couple of really important things here. Number one. I wanna build a company to massive scale.
But number 2, and more, and this is even more important. It is probably important for me to create.
A company that uses that is a mechanism for ensuring. That as many people as possible have access to safe, secure, and beautiful buildings.
That's really like the world. That I'm moving toward that I want to create.
And as I went through the whole JTV process, the thing that became really, really clear to me is that my product was irrelevant.
But the story is that like people were living and the problems they were experiencing, those, those were not.
And. Helping to solve helping customers, helping users solve the problems in their lives. There are so many different combinations of like product and services.
That you can use. But like figuring out like the right combination that is repeatable and predictable over time, it really requires senior just like deep.
Empathy and like willingness to listen to those those customers.
Alright, so. I started by putting steak in the ground. And trying to figure out. What my presumptive customers were experiencing.
So I started with, my jobs to be done for. So I believe I interviewed about 10 total help owners about the renovations that they did on their house.
So I found these homeowners on, respondent.com. And I think if you guys have gone through.
Neil's initial talk. You'll learn a lot about like the pretty work that you do to like set up these interviews.
And to, you know, conduct their interviews. So I talked about 2 h with each person, that I was interviewing.
And I'm a very obsessive person, like extraordinarily obsessive. And so I would break down every single interview.
Like date the interview time because I wanted to see if responses were different if I interviewed people like in the AM PM, etc.
I have transcripts for every single thing and then like there were some other like key categories like that I broke up.
And broke out in my JT, BD write down. So I use all that information. To start to look for things, you know, across.
Every single one of the users that I was talking with. And There were, you know, like certain things that started.
You know, to pop out and sorry like, you know, her just screenshot some of my, notes here.
And one of the things that I like started to notice. As you know I was going through my interview transcripts and you know like you know pulling out these details and laying them back to back with each other.
I'll go back to this in a second. Is that all the people that I was talking to, the homeowners who are running the renovations.
You know, for their house. They were all somehow the caretakers of their home. Yes, Neil.
Sorry, I just wanted to clarify one thing before you go deeper on this. Which is I think some of the founders right now are currently struggling through the phase of finding the right people to talk to and actually messaging them to get them to talk to them.
So respondent and your network. Any quick tips on how to overcome having like struggles with either getting people to say yes to the conversation or what's he like what tactics even our best in your experience.
Yeah, so I feel like I you know candidly I had an easier time than a lot of other folks because you know I was looking for people who owned houses and I was willing to like pay them to talk with me about their renovation experience and there were a lot of people, you know, who who have that experience and you know like they're willing to sit down for $200.
You know, to do that. So like.
I am then, you know, again, with like the general contractors, I knew they were like small business owners and like, you know, the $200 like also mental plot.
That being said, you know, like I think one of the other ways in which I saw, you know, people in my class be super successful is like just have them like be super honest and like say hey I'm thinking I'm in the middle of like you know building a platform a company that solves X problem.
Here's why I care about it. And here's why I'm reaching out to you.
Yeah, that's good.
And it's like a really personal appeal. And people were just like super candid and and super honest and you know like I feel like you know, that was something that helped because You know, like I think at the end of the day, if you really care about what you're building, like that's that's going to show and people are going to want to engage.
Thank you. That was that was perfect. And just to double click on what you just said. I think the genuine ask is one of the best and that's why I've never had to use platforms like respondents because I mean personally speaking that's what I've always done and it resonates with a lot of people so I couldn't agree more I just want to underline what Nissan just said.
So hopefully that resonated with you all and it makes sense. Thank you.
I know that there's something going on in the chat, but I actually can't open it right now.
Someone's asking, if you paid respondent $200.
Yes.
Love it.
Anything else in the chat those right now for some reason I can't open up. I just wanna make sure that's addressed.
I'll keep you posted on the That's it for now.
Thank you. Cool. Sweet. Okay, so going back to these homeowners.
I noticed that they were all caretakers, right? Of their house in some capacity. So, you know, being a caretaker, that's just like a lot.
Of responsibility and you know people were getting really amped up and emotional when they were talking through. Like, what was going on in their lives?
And I think one of the examples for me that still stands out with like, you know, why this became such a salient marker is because I was talking with a man who is a dad.
And at the very beginning of our interview. He said, Oh, I'm really budget conscious.
And I was just like, okay, cool. Why don't you go ahead and like just tell me the story of your reservation.
And so this guy. He renovated his kitchen because his I'm in broke and I was just like, oh.
What happened? Like, you know, how's your having break? So the, and he discovered it was broken while he was in the middle of hosting like a back to schooling like a back-to-school gathering.
You know, for his daughters. You know like in September. And like one of the things he landed on, he like bought the house because it had a pool and wanted to have it's like kids have their like friends coming out with them.
And he also, you know, talk a lot about how like during the suburbs, his house is always the place where people like gather.
Like he was frustrated about the oven because he had everyone coming over and he had to feed everyone and take care of them.
And he like specifically used the words take care. And so I'm just like, okay, cool.
So for your renovation, did you just replace the oven? Which would have been like. You know, $5,000 fix, cause he said he wanted to like have a nice 7.
And you're just like, No, I decided that. I looked into like just replacing the oven and I was just like okay all right so like tell me about your renovation and you long story short this guy who described himself is like super cost conscious about a hundred $25,000 on his kitchen renovation.
In order to get it to be like the place where people could like gather and he could like take care of them.
And so it's just like. Yeah, are people driven by budget? Yes. But like they're driven by, you know, something deeper than that.
They're driven by this responsibility that they feel towards taking care of their family and community. And they're really into creating a space that allows them to do that.
So. When. I took all the data from the interviews that I did.
I overlay a whole bunch of things on each other and came up with this like combined timeline. So there are 2 things that I pulled out of my timeline.
The first was I wanted to understand The window of opportunity I have to offer some sort of like solution. To the people who are on this renovation journey to the homeland or for renovation journey.
Okay, and then I wanted to like capture however, perfectly, you know, like what job I thought we were helping.
So the job statement that I came up with and this has changed over time, but at that point in my research.
It was when I invest my money in time into a renovation. It is because I need my house to see the functional requirements.
Of my to serve the functional requirements of myself and my family members. As individuals and as a group and because I want my house to reflect the aesthetic preferences.
Of me and my family so I can be confident I have provided for my family's previously unmet needs and I'm able to nurture and care for my family in a beautiful haven.
So these are like the things that were jumping out to me.
So like big things for homeowners. They're time because If they're a person who's responsible for their family, they don't have a lot of it.
They feel huge for a non responsibility. And because they're in the process of taking care of so many people, it was really important for them to have their home behave in.
So the reason why this was important is because the only thing that popped out is the people who had good relationships with their contractors.
Felt as if their contractors understood all those things. Like instances in which people displayed resonance with their contractors is when they're just like, oh, the contractor really respected my time.
Oh, the contractor also had kids. Like there was a way in which that contractor was able to relate.
And that relationship, on a personal level between a homeowner and contractor, a lot, a lot for a lot more give in that relationship such that even if there were significant changes in question and timeline.
Always a lot more easily, you know, forgiven because there was a sense that the contractor understood the homeowner's place as a caretaker of the family.
And so what these contractors were doing, right? Was you know kind of instinctively demonstrating that they understood the vision.
That the homeowners had, you know, for. Their home and you know like what's interesting is that even when I think about you know my own renovation, you know, like when I started fading houses, I'm like the house that I lived in.
It was really important for me to create like But Haven and I actually now remember getting really ticked at my contractor when he seemed to be like really dismissive.
Of, you know, like. My ability to take care of, you know, like up the budget and timeline because I was heading, you know, that up for like my family and I thought it was going to live in that house.
So it was interesting to see how that resonated with me as well.
Alright, so. I did not just do these interviews with. Homeowners. The next step that I interviewed were general contractors.
And you know like went through a similar process to like draw out the job statement for them as well as like the windows of opportunity.
I'm not gonna get into you know all of that but eventually I got to a place where you know I became pretty clear.
That one the thing that I could help people. Do and like make progress with is match their project needs.
With the right doer, the right builder. For their renovation or new build. But then, and this is like, you know.
When I out in the caveat like Kiki, it's a really great framework. It's really you know, great for like getting to.
A baseline and like a foundation. But then, you know, kind of like looking at things from a more strategic perspective.
One of the things that jumped out to me was like homeowners, they renovate once every decade.
If we're talking about, you know, things from a business perspective. Not great. Like, you know, because I that means I have a whole 10 year period which are trying to identify the point at which people are going to renovate their houses and then I have to feel like the solution like, you know, there were like too many variables I could not control.
And so the question like that emerged from me was like, alright, I know the problem. I have a hypothesized solution.
But like there's this question of distribution because I don't think distributing to homeowners directly makes the most sense because of a lack of you know, a repeatability and you know like again there are like so many roadblocks like getting them at that exact moment to like you know where they are.
So after interview those first 2 groups, homeowners and the general contractors, I started thinking he had a third group.
Interior designers because Again, like the key thing that jumped out of me from the homeowner interviews was this question of like vision.
And designers are stewards of, you know, renovation vision. But more than that, it's their job.
And so they're not doing renovations once every decade. They're doing 12 to 15 renovations per year.
And then after digging into like the designers. Also, you know, realize that architects serve that same role as the stewards of a renovation vision.
And for architects One of the great things is that they're actually legally liable for any general contact or recommendations they make for a renovation if that contractor makes a missed step.
So that group became super interesting to me.
But like with every single group of folks that is adding to this story line for every group of characters. I was using GTV to really unspool the stories for every group.
To understand 2 things. How do these characters intersect with each other? How do they, you know, how's the friction between these 2 groups of people and then how do they work together to move from pointing to point B?
And also, you know, like how did their individual story lines? Bring up different things that they might need help with.
So those were all these things that were super top of mind for me.
So in September. Of 2023 so this was 3 months after Techstars ended. I relaunch the platform.
And the relaunch. Of sign off very much. Is what I said at the beginning. Of this presentation.
At sign off, we match architects with the labor that they need to execute on client projects.
So that messaging. And that positioning very much, you know, came out of that JTBD work that I did because in addition to spending June through August, rebuilding the platform.
But other thing that I was doing was you know, testing. Like lines, these hypotheses that I came up with.
During tech stars with architects with designers and we're finding you know my ask and like my positioning.
Every single time. So that when the platform eventually was ready for relaunch. I was able to go into September, gather a group of these desires and architects.
And be really clear on the value proposition. That I had, you know, for them. And also I was able to onboard.
General contractors. By being really clear with the value prop that I would be able to deliver, you know, for them.
So that once we relaunched. In 24 h. We have like the first 16 projects get onto the platform.
And about just over 2.5 million dollars. Which was like just a major win for us because the year before like I said in February of 2023 sign off and made a granted of a hundred $10 per month.
Under our new business model, sign off makes 2% of the total project value of all projects that are won through the platform.
So, immediately. We were looking at, you know, pipeline, a minimum of 50.
$1,000 which was significantly higher than anything that was coming through the pipeline before going through all of that work.
So the journey does not in there because like launch is a launch it is a day and then you have to continue to build that pipeline and then continue to like work to get deals to close.
So It was great top of fun of what's coming in. Conflicts were coming in. The value prop was resonated with people.
But again, like. Stories don't end there. Now people were like moving through the process that we created at sign off.
And starting to get their projects bid on by sign off contractors. Okay. You know, like because we watched in September, a lot of these projects started.
To either go to one or loss in November and in November I remember getting this email from an architect.
I've been super excited to work with and I was so confident we were going to win her business.
And then I got like the email like 0% of humans want to get, which was like, hey, do you have time for a quick call?
And you like, no, but that quick call is not gonna be anything you want to hear. During my call with the architect.
You know, she talked about how you know, like the general contractor was bought and she was bought in as like the architect.
But then she brought up something that had been a maker oversight for me because I hoped that by building sign off to be a B to be platform where only architects and general contractors could use it.
I could kind of sidestep like a lot of blockland. Like that. How much is controlled the per spray?
Or the purse strings? And you know, like I kind of counted on the architect being able to talk the homeowner.
Into like using a sign off contractor when there were a couple of like things that happened. The first was that, you know, like I thought our average project was going to be like 175 to $250,000.
Average project under that is closer to the media project on sign off it's between 600,000 to 1 million dollars which is a lot of money for a homeowner right like if you're looking down a contract that's a million dollars.
At the homeowner you're good to have a lot of questions and there needs to be like a lot of reassurance there.
I wasn't providing that reassurance and because of that because we weren't providing back on our platform.
We like lost 3 deals. And I was stressed because I, So I knew the importance of continuing to dig into that story.
So with every single deal that I had, I would break down the timeline. Of events, you know, from beginning to end.
Whether it was a win or a loss. And I would use that again to continue to like.
Refine, the ways in which we talk to people, identify the weak points in the timeline when we like needed to reach out to different.
People whether that was like the general contractor or the architect and like now the homeowner. So again, make this as predictable.
And repeatable as possible.
So then after you know like November we went into the holiday so it was slower. And then like he wanted this year, sign off officially became.
Revenue generating which was super super exciting. So that's a Blake February twenty-first.
We're generating revenue. And the average, money brought in per deal.
Is up from the hypothesis size, $3,500 per deal to actually, $10,000, per deal with what is in the pipeline.
Now and I have a lot more confidence in our ability to like carry things over to close our win rate.
Is Going from 33% was like not too bad, to about 50%. And it's significantly better than, you know, like what I had prior to.
Hi to tech stars where I was looking at deals that were like a thousand dollars for like the whole year.
You know like 10,000 versus like 1,000 significantly like better. This is just like a breakdown.
At the last few. That we won again like the thing I want to emphasize is that it is so important to keep digging into these stories again and again and again and again to like just get really clear on the path that like people take to use your product.
So for next steps. You know, like there are certain. Revenue goals and like user goals, and geography, that, that sign off has.
So in terms of, you know, like what those goals are, sign off currently operates in New York City.
And the surrounding area. In Q 3 the plan is to expand to Los Angeles because New York architects do a lot of work in LA in LA, but, second biggest remodel market.
But in addition to that, the goal is to get 200 architects onboarded onto the sign off platform and to win, 200 objects, which would carry us to our.
Revenue goals for the end of the year. But it's part of that process, part of getting more and more architects onto the platforms.
We're moving from, you know, reaching out to individual firms, actually entering partnerships with entities like the American Institute for Architects as well as organizations for owners reps and the ability to like really go into those organizations with the really clear ask.
That and really clear and a lot of clarity around like the value we're able to deliver for people is something that's going to allow us to really leverage those relationships in order to bring on more users.
So this. Yeah. Okay.
Hey, you quit. You've got a question. People would love to know, what you did to give people, reassurance that they needed to get you to the 50% closing rate.
Yeah, so you know like the the first thing we did was it was not anything technical.
We told architects. Show show the sign off profiles of general contractors to your homeowners because the thing that would happen and this was very consistent with projects that had budgets between 900,001.2.
A 1 million dollars. The homeowners we get like the bid from the contractors scroll down to the last page and then like see the final number without like seeing the entire breakdown, which is super important.
Project by self architecture. The bid was 1 million dollars. The Home Honor freaked out, and wanted to hire someone who said they can do it for 750.
Okay. And. That project has not gone well.
I'm like the home and I actually said they wish they went with the sign off contractor. But the thing I told architects to like do is actually show their homebunners the profiles of the side off contractors anytime like the homeowner said like oh like so and so who hung my cousin's cabinet can do it cheaper.
The architect would be like, okay, cool, do you have like their license information, their insurance information, also sign off to like a background check on all of them and verify they've been in no law since no big fixes, etc.
Can you pull all this information? And then the homeowner would be like, oh, I didn't even like think about all those things.
Oh, I don't have time. To like go do all the things. Alright, if I'm gonna spend a million dollars like.
It is easier for me to like do this knowing everyone's good background check. Versus me using like the person who like on my own cabinet.
So that like step. Like giving the homeowners more information. Given the reassurance that like, you know, there.
Have been background checks and they're up and back they're about to spend a million dollars responsibly.
That was like one of the non pro like we didn't build anything new like you know we didn't you can come with the new marketing campaign.
You're just like to show them what already exists. And like make sure that's like the case.
And so then like the more, that they was like in the emails, I go out to architects like when they are Mitch, there's a line in today that says review contractor profiles with homeowner like So that they go through.
All of that.
Yeah, so just making sure your value prop is fully, to everyone involved. Like that's perfect.
Another one which kind of overlaps what was the adjustment you made just after November based on the insights gathered was there anything else?
Like what triggered that decision to start showing the, homeowner pro or the contractor profiles, what was like the moment there that made you think of that idea versus anything else with the marketing.
Yeah, so it was breaking out the timelines because I saw that there like the other 2 deals that were like lost broke down at the exact same timeline and I was just like okay all right once it's a Maybe I should pay attention twice as like, okay, we should pay attention then 3 times.
So I was like, I'm not losing a fourth time. Like now. Not.
That's awesome. Thank you.
Cool. Awesome. So just how little takeaways and happy to answer any other questions. There's no silver bullet.
You know, JTV, it's a very good framework. It's not a perfect framework.
But it is a thing that I use to, you know, put a steak in the ground.
And you know, like the work doesn't stop after you like latest foundation, like you need to go back into those timelines, go back into the stories and like see how things.
Change and shift and then like determine whether or not you and your team and your product are going to change and shift in the same way.
And have like in response for, you know, why you do or do not. And then, Like,
That is it.
Of course.
Awesome, thank you so much. Alright, anyone have any questions at the moment?
Oh, Nelson.
I don't really have a question, but it's more so just like a comment of like how your presentation left an impact on me.
I love the idea of breaking it down. And to a timeline, which I know is just like the jobs in order, but just having it phrased that way like shifted my mindset on it and it was really cool.
Thank you for that.
You're welcome. That is how my brain works. Yeah, I like to look at.
And I'm a very visual person and so like the timeline very much helped me.
We've got one from Nelson in the chat. He's curious how you kept the lights on while pivoting if you're comfortable sharing.
Yeah, so you know, Texas came along at the right time and the advantage of being a solo founder is like There was no one but me.
And so, you know, it was like the Texas investment. That helped keep things afloat.
During that.
Awesome, Kelvin.
Yeah, thank you very much. Nazarene for the excellent presentation. My question is regarding, one of the issues you mentioned you had in the beginning, which was the silver cycle being very long.
I wanted to know if there was anything you did to shot them that cycle or maybe by increasing the amount of money coming in that cycle it was what it despite the long duration was there anything you did to shorten the cycle for yourself and for
Yeah, so. With the very, very first product, I tried to show in the cycle.
I don't, I don't remember like the different ways, but. One of the things I was frustrating is that like the duration of the cycle was so out of my control because I was waiting for general contact to get back to me.
And like, you know, I think if you work. And startup or an tech, you check your email.
Or I'm just gonna out myself. I check my email like at least every 20 min if not more, right?
And I'm responding to like, you know, things like day of or you know, otherwise like they're getting like I have a whole system for my communications.
That's system doesn't exist for like general contractors. So even if they were excited. There were some people that check their email.
Twice a week or like. You know, I would call their assistant like they would not. Yeah, that to me.
So I was just like, alright, it's really hard for me to like control the duration of the cycle.
And it's like seems like it's naturally landing in about like 45 days. The numbers do not justify us.
Like, cause I modeled out, you know, like hiring a salesperson, what does that look like in terms of like comp and like what that person's like able to produce.
I was just like the numbers. Like the map is not happening. So. We gotta check somebody.
Thank you very much.
That's awesome, Dwayne.
I just wanted to thank you for giving me an unlock to think about the jobs we've done with people being driven by a sense of responsibility for the family community.
Like that was a big, way to reframe. Because we're B to B, reframe how people think of things in terms of the greater organizational context.
When we're having someone that's trying to hire a job, I'm telling to do the job.
In group context. You talk about the person trying to be model their home for their family laying guests, but It really, I think that was a big takeaway for me.
So I really wanna thank you for that framing. It was awesome.
You are welcome.
I've got one more thing I'd love for you to expand on kind of backing up to Nelson's question about staying lean.
I love that you talk about using the dumbest possible solution. Do you have any? Tips on how to sort of stay lean and avoid an over-engineering while people are still figuring out their customers and their problems.
Yeah, one of the great things that, because this now is not exist when, you know, I started my very first company like.
8 years ago, the proliferation of like low current airport tools. If you're a not technical founder, and you like as a product manager, is like technical or not.
Build dumb solutions like using those tools like use like Google Sheets is actually a lot more useful than I wanna get Google credit for.
But it's like, for example, Stitchfix, which is now, I think, like they're now public company.
I know that the founder ran that this is on Google Sheets for like the first year to revenue of a million dollars like didn't build a product.
Like, so. You know, like. Product doesn't matter and I love like beautiful product. Don't get me wrong.
But it doesn't matter because you might have to throw it away. So like You know, if you are a matching service, right, which is what sign off solution is.
Yeah, it sounds great. You know, like for that initial bill, it's just like. Get your like Just be the person like as a CEO like founder like the steward of the budget who is literally annoying people by asking like, do we have to build it?
That's something that's already like. Be like that annoying person.
That's awesome. Thanks so much. Doton?
Yeah, thanks. Just a quick question. Thank you for for the presentation. And this really was super interesting.
I was wondering After you've done the job to be done and sort of patterns emerged.
How did you find the in practice of changing things on your side? Was based on the patterns you've seen emerging because I feel like one challenge is seeing the patterns, but another challenge is sort of acting on the patterns that you see in then prioritizing like to change and how to change it.
So just wondering if I know it's sort of an open question, but, wondering what the experience was like for you and if you can get in beaten to details to sort of how long certain changes you've made took.
Yeah, so.
I'll definitely answer that question. The context is that sign off was super young. So there wasn't like that.
Much. You know infrastructure to like it was easy to throw things away without like ruining things and that's not gonna be the case for everyone sorry like just wanted to back complex so that meant that you know like when i had the insights from the drops to be done Are you able to.
Essentially. Start making some of those changes within like 2 weeks. Because again, I have no co-founder like, and at that time, like I've done.
The build myself. So like I didn't have an engineer who's gonna get really pissed off at me for like Like,
If your company is more mature. Like you are going to have to be more thoughtful and strategic about, you know, like how to how to do it, right?
Because you might have customers already so one of the decisions you might have to make which i didn't have to make is you know are we going to stop serving or significantly reduce the services we have for like one group of customers.
In order to place it back on the new product service or like change for potentially like a new group of customers.
That is going to be something that like should not necessarily like, you know, be done. In like one to 2 weeks.
That's going to require, you know, like a lot more thought and care. So it is going to be so stage dependent.
For your company.
Awesome